rework installation on OpenShift 4 using the Operator from OperatorHub (#1324)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/proc_installing-che-using-the-che-operator-in-openshift-4-web-console.adoc

. Open the OpenShift web console.

. To create the `{prod}` project, in the left panel, navigate to the *Home* -> *Projects* section.

. Click the btn:[Create Project] button.

. In the *Create Project* pop-up window, enter the project details and validate.
+
* *Name*: `{prod-short}`.
* *Display Name*: `{prod}`.
* *Description*: `{prod}`.

. To install the *{prod}* Operator, in the left panel, navigate to the *Operators* -> *OperatorHub* section.

. In the *Filter by keyword* field, type `{prod}`.

. Click the *{prod}* tile.

. In the *{prod}* pop-up window, click the btn:[Install] button .

> . In the *Install Operator* screen, choose following options and validate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Install Operator* screen, choose following options and validate:
```

+
* *Installation mode*: *A specific namespace on the cluster*.
* *Installed Namespace*: `{prod-short}`.

. To create an instance of the *{prod}* Operator, in the left panel, navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* section.

. In the *Installed operators* screen, click the *{prod}* name.

. In the *Operator Details* screen, in the *Details* tab, inside of the *Provided APIs* section, click the *Create Instance* link.

. The *Create CheCluster* page contains the configuration of the overall {prod-short} instance to create. It is defined as the `CheCluster` Custom Resource. For an installation using the default configuration, keep the default values.

> To modify the configuration, see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/configuring-the-che-installation[Configuring the {prod-short} installation]. It is necessary to modify the configuration to use self-signed certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the configuration, see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/configuring-the-che-installation[Configuring the {prod-short} installation]. It is necessary to modify the configuration to use self-signed certificates. See link:{site-baseurl}che-7/installing-che-in-tls-mode-with-self-signed-certificates/[Installing [prod-short} in TLS mode with self-signed certificates].
```

. To create the *{prod-checluster}* cluster, click the btn:[Create] button in the lower left corner of the window.

> . In the *Operator Details* screen, in the *{prod} Cluster* tab, click on the *{prod-checluster}* link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Operator Details* screen, in the *{prod} Cluster* tab, click on the *{prod-checluster}* link.
```

. To navigate to the *{prod-checluster}* instance, click the link under *{prod} URL*.

.Validation steps

. To validate the installation of the *{prod}* Operator, in the left panel, navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* section.

. In the *Installed operators* screen, click on the *{prod}* name.

. Navigate to the *Details* tab.

. In the *CLusterServiceVersion Details* section at the bottom of the page, wait for these messages:
+

> * *Status*: `Succeeded`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
* *Status*: `Succeeded`.
```

* *Status Reason*: `install strategy completed with no errors`.

. Navigate to the *Events* tab.

. Wait for this message: `install strategy completed with no errors`.

. To validate the installation of the *{prod}* instance, navigate to the *{prod2} Cluster* tab.

. The *CheClusters* screen displays the list of *{prod}* instances and their status.

. Click *{prod-checluster}* `CheCluster` in the table.

. Navigate to the *Details* tab.

. Watch the content of following fields:
+

> * *Message*: the field contain error messages, if any. The expected content is `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Message*: the field contains error messages, if any. The expected content is `None`.
```

> * *Eclipse Che URL*: displays the presence of the URL of the *{prod}* instance, once the deployment is successful. An empty field means the deployment didn't succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Eclipse Che URL*: displays the URL of the *{prod}* instance, once the deployment is successful. An empty field means the deployment has not succeeded.
```

. Navigate to the *Resources* tab.

. The screen displays the list of the resources assigned to the {prod-short} deployment.

> . To see more details on the state of a resource, click on its name and inspect the content of the available tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To see more details about the state of a resource, click its name and inspect the content of the available tabs.
```
